If these claims are true
The Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce will be destroyed within three days
Not a lie
Give me the answer in three minutes
OK, I see.
How to deal with it?
Chop up and feed the dog
My brother Nalan has written down this kindness
Where it will be useful in the future
I, Brother Nalan, have nothing to say
What? What?
Lin Fan is not the eldest lady of the Li Zhuo family
Cause me Lin's
The 10 billion project with the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce broke down
From today, members of the family council will be removed
expel Lin
i
The voting result is passed
Now I declare
According to the bylaws of the family council
From now on
Lin Chusheng
Served as Deputy Minister of the Consul Family Council
Lao Tzu disagrees